So as mentioned before I'm going to use firebase if you don't know what firebase is.
It's a service by Google which basically gives you ready to use.
Back and out of the box.
You don't have to write any service code to now get a database you can use of indication features you
can easily implement and much more.
You can check the pricing to learn what it costs.
It is free in its basic use search and it will be free for what we do with it.
If you're going to use it in a real app you want to deploy and where you will have a lot of users.
You will probably need one of the pait plans but again for testing it developing with it the free features
are all we need.
So definitely check out this.
If you want to use it for a real project.
Also check out the documentation here which is really great.
And make sure to choose the Web documentation.
Not Android or iOS because yes we're building an app for these devices but we're building it with a
web framework with angular.
Keep this in mind.
And then finally the most important part is your console so you can open your console here which allows
you to create new projects or access existing projects.
Now I'm not going to use one of my existing projects.
Instead I'm going to create a new one by clicking on create new project here and then you simply enter
a project name.
Now this can be any name you want.
I'm going to name it ironic.
Q recipe book like this because I already have the project with this name years.
I'm going to omit the dasher and then choose your region.
For me that is Germany and then it comes up we had to create project and this will set up a new project
and a second we will see what this means.
What a project our actually contains the project creation finished are now taking into my project dashboard.
Here again you can easily get started by clicking at firebase to your web app but we won't do this for
now.
Here on the left you basically see the features you get.
There are a lot of features but the most important ones are of authentication and database.
You can also use default storage.
We're not going to get into this now though because there's no firebase course.
I really only use it as a dummy back and because it's easy to use.
I'm interested in the authentication for now.
Now we're also going to use the SDK firebase ships with for the authentication part and I would show
you how to install this SDK in one of the next lectures.
For now let's start by an ailing authentication here.
You can go to often dictation and then you need to set up a sign in method.
Now you can also use the third party authentication services like Facebook or Google.
But here we're getting to choose email and password to add our own authentication feature or a service
you could say simply click on it and then click on enable and save to turn this on.
Now you are able to affect ticket users with their email and password in this project.
Here again if you want to learn more about this definitely make sure to read the official documentation
or take some dedicated firebase courses.
Now with this edit it's time to add firebase to our project for days.
Well first of all go back to the project to the command line to the terminal here and then I will install
the firebase STK Frue NPM we can do it as by running NPM install dash dash save to also create an entry
in the package that Chaisson and then just firebase this is the firebase package which we can then use
to access certain features of firebase and for authentication we definitely need this because that makes
it much easier.
Now again I will use firebase of invocation.
You can also of course use your own back and your own restful server you might have whatever you set
up for this.
Now the firebase STK got installed.
The next step is to configure it in our app.
For this you can click on a web set up here on the top right on the authentication tap your part and
then basically you could copy this and put it into your index HDMI file.
Though this is not how you should do it.
Instead make sure to grab the API key and off domain.
We're not going to use the feature so you don't need those links here.
Make sure to use to grab those two lines here and then go back to your app to the app component here.
We're going to initialize this firebase app in our constructor.
We can simply do that by first importing firebase.
I'm doing this here at the top import firebase from whip's from firebase.
And of course this name here is totally up to you.
You could also use justifier or F. B.
I'm using firebase because well I do import firebase at the end and then in the constructor.
Right at the beginning though you could also do it after this platform redcode you're right at the beginning
in my case I'll add firebase Exeter's package we're importing.
And then initialize AB which is kind of obvious what it does.
I guess initialises your application with firebase and then you need to peer pass a javascript object
with two configuration options.
Now this javascript object is the same object you see here.
So you could pass the full object but again we're not needing the database we're going to access it
differently.
We don't need to storage and we don't send any messages.
So here I will simply paste in the two lines I copied from before our API Ickey the off domain and make
sure to use your own key and off domain here of course.
And with that the firebase app is initialized we can now use it.
We can now use the features firebase offers us and it's important to do this right at the beginning
of the app.
Therefore in the constructor of the app component because we're using firebase for our application.
So initializing it on the tap's component would be too late because we already need some features before
we reach that component right.
So with this firebase is set up an initialized.
Again if you want to learn more about firebase have a look at the official docs.
Have a look at the pricing if you want to use it for your bigger projects.
I'm interested in setting up authentication and will start doing this in the next lecture.